chore(docs): add troubleshooting section to certificate page (#837)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud.com: docs/deployment/netconf/certificates.mdx

./wasmcloud --tls-ca-path /path/to/cert.pem --tls-ca-path /path/to/another-cert.pem ...
```

### Troubleshooting

> When deploying wasmCloud on Kubernetes, if an OCI registry is behind a private SSL certificate, wasmCloud may return errors like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying components from your OCI registry that uses private or self-signed SSL certificates, wasmCloud may return errors like the following:
```

```shell

> failed to fetch provider: failed to fetch provider under OCI reference `OCI_REFERENCE`: failed to fetch OCI path: failed to fetch OCI bytes: error sending request for url (URL): client error (Connect): invalid peer certificate: UnknownIssuer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
failed to fetch provider: failed to fetch provider under OCI reference `<OCI_REFERENCE>`: failed to fetch OCI path: failed to fetch OCI bytes: error sending request for url (URL): client error (Connect): invalid peer certificate: UnknownIssuer
```

Tiny nit you can omit, hoping to call attention to the fact that the real OCI reference will be here

```

To print and diagnose the signing of the certificate, run:

```shell

> echo | openssl s_client -showcerts -servername registry.apps.na-us-east.mycompany.net -connect registry.apps.na-us-east.mycompany.net:443 2>/dev/null | openssl x509 -inform pem -noout -text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Edit URL to point to your registry
export OCI_REGISTRY_URL=ghcr.io
echo | openssl s_client -showcerts -servername $OCI_REGISTRY_URL -connect $OCI_REGISTRY_URL:443 2>/dev/null | openssl x509 -inform pem -noout -text
```

Totally optional use of a variable here, but I want to give them something that resolves immediately (we can do this with ghcr.io) and an easy edit
